README.md, before:

# Ernest-Prouster
5' recipe for beer produced, Chocolate and Caramelish Soft Porter

# Recipe for 11 Gal US

1. Heat 11 Gal of filtered water
2. Steep at 65 °C for 30 minutes:
  - Carapils Malt,
  - Caramel Malt,
  - Black Patent Malt
3. Heat back to a boil
4. Stop heating
5. Add extract Malt
6. Heat back to a boil
7. When it boils start countdown time 60 minutes
8. X minutes add Chinook Hops
9. X minutes add Cascade Hops
10. 5 minutes, add wort cooler
11. 0 minutes, stop heating, start cooler
12. -30 minutes, XX °C
13. Transfert to fermentation buckets
14. 3 weeks in fermentation @ 19°C
15. Transfert to keg
16. Profit


Gravity Origin : 1060  
Gravity Final : 1012  
Alcohol : ?

# Ingredients
Ordered at [Mout International](http://www.biereetvin.com/)

| Product Number | Description | Quantity | Price $ |
| --- | --- | --- | ---|
| DR57202C | CARA 60L | 1kg 500| 8.75 |
| DR57168D | CaraPils | 500g | 3.50 |
| DR57196E | Black Patent Malt | 250g | 2.25 |
| DR57190E | Chocolat Malt | 250g | 2.25 |
| DR57131B | Sparkling Amber extract | 3kg 500 | 27.40
| DR57129B | Pilsen Light extract | 3kg | 20.50
| DR57133C | Bavarian wheat | 1kg | 9.75
| HB59016 | Chinook | 50g | 4
| HB59060 | Cascade | 150G | 9
| LV20004 | Irish Ale | 1 | 10.50
| LV20005 | British Ale | 1 | 10.50

Commit message:

update by adding yeasts in buckets

README.md, after:

# Ernest-Prouster
5' recipe for beer produced, Chocolate and Caramelish Soft Porter

# Recipe for 11 Gal US

1. Heat 11 Gal of filtered water
2. Steep at 65 °C for 30 minutes:
  - Carapils Malt,
  - Caramel Malt,
  - Black Patent Malt
3. Heat back to a boil
4. Stop heating
5. Add extract Malt
6. Heat back to a boil
7. When it boils start countdown time 60 minutes
8. X minutes add Chinook Hops
9. X minutes add Cascade Hops
10. 5 minutes, add wort cooler
11. 0 minutes, stop heating, start cooler
12. -30 minutes, XX °C
13. Transfert to fermentation buckets
14. Drop one different Ale Yeast in each buckets
15. 3 weeks in fermentation @ 19°C
16. Transfert to keg
17. Profit


Gravity Origin : 1060  
Gravity Final : 1012  
Alcohol : ?

# Ingredients
Ordered at [Mout International](http://www.biereetvin.com/)

| Product Number | Description | Quantity | Price $ |
| --- | --- | --- | ---|
| DR57202C | CARA 60L | 1kg 500| 8.75 |
| DR57168D | CaraPils | 500g | 3.50 |
| DR57196E | Black Patent Malt | 250g | 2.25 |
| DR57190E | Chocolat Malt | 250g | 2.25 |
| DR57131B | Sparkling Amber extract | 3kg 500 | 27.40
| DR57129B | Pilsen Light extract | 3kg | 20.50
| DR57133C | Bavarian wheat | 1kg | 9.75
| HB59016 | Chinook | 50g | 4
| HB59060 | Cascade | 150G | 9
| LV20004 | Irish Ale | 1 | 10.50
| LV20005 | British Ale | 1 | 10.50
